# October 11, 2022 Meeting Notes

## **Meeting Start Time:**

- 2:00PM start with team leads
- 2:10PM start with everyone

### Team Number: 5

### Team Name: The Basement Beasts

**Attendance:**

- Priyanka
- Kevin
- Aaryan
- Lauren
- Priya
- Duy
- Alex
- Akanksha
- Zelong
- Guidong

**Meeting location:**
-Zoom

**Old unresolved business:**

- First meeting as a group with TA

**New business**

- Introductions
- Team dynamic and deadlines
- Group assignments only need one submitter unless specified otherwise
- Approaches to the project
- Next meeting: Discuss project ideas

**Decisions & Discussion:**

### Meeting notes tips:

- number of meeting
- Start time
- Members in meeting
- Purpose of meeting
- What did we plan to discuss during this meeting?
- Any decisions made
- Conflicts
- How were these conflicts resolved? (majority or weighing pros and cons)
- Time and date
- Purpose of these notes: helps show how team is progressing
- Want everyone to contribute to these notes!
- Rotation or shared doc

- TA is here to help the project/presentation
- We are responsible for starting the assignments, and being aware of all deadlines (ie on Canvas)

- Midterm 1 this fri (10 or 12 questions)
- Based on Professor’s slides (shared on slack after this class)

### Project details:

- Refer to slides from prof and think of a product for week 4
- Think of how to approach
- How does it look
- How does it function
- Roles for members
- Roles are suggested by TA (available via team leads), but they are optional
- Flexible, can change roles later on
- Keep track of these changes, roles should be clear to everyone
- Have this by next tuesday’s meeting
- Use basic tools. Don't spend too much time on advanced tools that are too hard to nav
- Keep in mind, CRUD
- **Domain**: personal info management

-Examples: 1. Notes that keep track of who created them 2. User auth to know which user logs in 3. Once logged in, perform certain actions (creating recipe, etc,)
associated with specific user 4. Need to be able to fetch user data 5. Website should be functional, same.

**Thoughts:**

- Google User Authentication
- Specific profiles
- Where to store data, local/cloud? How?
- Think of ideas like recipe manager, calendar notes, etc etc.
- Think of extra functionality like sharing, translation support, etc.
- Keep to specified scope
- Things to do for next meeting:
- Think about project ideas
- Do meeting notes/push to repo

## **Meeting finished:**

- 2:30PM
